position is Python Software Engineer (Robotics/Mechatronics)
company is Fresh Consulting
location is Redmond, WA
salary is $30.00/hr - $45.00/hr

Seniority level is Entry level
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Engineering and Information Technology
Industries is Business Consulting and Services

          Fresh Consulting is a design-led, software development and hardware engineering company, offering end-to-end digital services to help companies innovate. We bring together amazing UX designers, sophisticated developers, digital strategists, and top-notch engineers to help companies create fresh experiences that connect humans, systems, and machines. We’ve been growing fast and need someone to help us continue to manage the delivery of high-quality work in a fast-paced environment. See more at freshconsulting.comVisit freshconsulting.com/portfolio to see our project work across several industries.Title: Python Software Engineer (Robotics/Mechatronics)Duration: Project Based Long-Term Vendor ContractLocation: Redmond, WABenefits: Employee benefits at 100% including Medical, PTO, Holiday Pay, 401K Plan and much more!Hours: Minimum 40 Hours/WeekRole Work with the hardware and software teams to integrate various software/hardware components and develop UI front-end for test stations. Integrate motion, lighting, and imaging controllers into test suites. Use technical expertise to investigate, troubleshoot, and verify defects. Be an active team player, while working independently. Proactively reach out to partners and ask relevant questions when blocked. Learn new systems and tools. Document and improve code quality. Working on python and computer vision applications.The Position - Focus on development and execution of test station applications for System validation for AR/VR devices. The Ideal Person will be a software developer with either robotics and/or mechatronics background that have built test stations for manufacturing specifically optical products.Skills 0-1+ years experience. Clear communication, common sense, smart and outside the box thinking. Very strong Python skills. Strong programming and problem solving skills are a must. Understanding of HW, Embedded Systems, Mechatronics, Robotics and related. Understanding of hardware/software interoperability. Understanding of software engineering principles, code version control, and Python. Strong troubleshooting skills to root cause issues. Self-starter, and someone who when they get stuck is willing to ask for help and not just flail around trying to solve it themselves. Good communication skills, both written and oral. Works well with other people and a willingness to learn ones.Education: BSCSE, MSCSE preferred.FRESH-- Work on engineering and research assignments with F500 companies and startups. The relationships that we have created with our clients are one of a kind. We help solve problems in many technologies focusing on R&D, product development, and manufacturing. We work at the most cutting-edge and latest technologies from AR/VR to Autonomous technologies. Closely working with our clients, we believe that long term investments are extremely important to maintain the culture we together have created.We’re a handpicked team of Engineers, digital strategist, designers, and developers united together in creating a fresh experience. Whether we are strategizing, designing, developing, or analyzing, our integrated team works as an extension of yours to improve your impact, your usability, and your customer conversion. In the process, we collaborate with you to get to know your business, understand your industry, and incorporate your big ideas into memorable experiences that keep your customers coming back for more.Fresh Consulting is a participating E-Verify company.freshconsulting.comCompensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Range $30/hr - $45/hr+