position is Associate Software Engineer - Kernel Developer (Virtual)
company is Boeing
location is Mesa, AZ
salary is N/A

Seniority level is Not Applicable
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Engineering and Information Technology
Industries is Airlines and Aviation, Aviation and Aerospace Component Manufacturing, and Defense and Space Manufacturing

Job DescriptionAt Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.The Boeing Company is seeking an experienced Associate Software Engineer - Kernel Developer (Virtual) to join our kernel development team, located in Mesa, AZ. This position requires a deep understanding of operating system technologies, kernel internals, and modern processor architectures. As part of the kernel development team, you will work to deliver safety-critical kernels for use across The Boeing Company’s entire product portfolio.This position requires the candidate to have a full-stack mindset and be involved in continuous improvement of the software development environment and tools utilized by the kernel development team.Position Responsibilities:Develops, documents and maintains reusable architectures, requirements, algorithms, interfaces and designs for kernel software.Serves as a subject matter expert for kernel internals, system-specific issues, and processes and regulations.Creates and organizes a well-defined, estimated and prioritized set of initiatives, epics and stories to maintain a robust backlog for time-phasing and planning.Participates in daily scrums, using agile practices, to communicate clearly and openly on incremental progress and to inform the team of any help needed on impediments and roadblocks and suggest timely remedies for common ailments during retrospectives.This position has been identified as a virtual opportunity and does not require applicants to live in Mesa, Arizona.The position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R.120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee.To be considered for this position you will be required to complete a technical assessment as part of the selection process. Failure to complete the assessment will remove you from consideration.Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience):Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or other technical degree1+ years of Linux operating systems1+ years of experience with C++, C, C#, or PythonPreferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience):2 + years of experience with C++, C, or C#Passion for open source projects and collaborationsReal-time software development experienceExperience with modern processor architecturesParticipation in total software development lifecycleExperience with UNIX systemsDevelopment in Continuous Integration (CI) / Continuous Deployment (CD) pipelinesCreation of hermetic buildsConfiguration management of diverse systemsSafety-Critical / FAA software certification experienceExperience with Product-Line EngineeringExperience with Real Time Operating Systems (RTOS)Contributions to open source projectsMember of an Agile development teamExperience building Linux kernel from sourceExperience building a custom Linux distribution using yoctoTypical Education/Experience:Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 2 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. Master). ABET accreditation or equivalent from a recognized accrediting body is required.Travel: Occasional travel may be required but would be less than 10%.Relocation:Relocation assistance is not a negotiable benefit for this position. Candidates must live in the immediate area or relocate at their own expense.Drug Free Workplace:Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.Shift:This position is for 1st shift.At Boeing, we strive to deliver a Total Rewards package that will attract, engage and retain the top talent. Elements of the Total Rewards package include competitive base pay and variable compensation opportunities.The Boeing Company also provides eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work.The specific programs and options available to any given employee may vary depending on eligibility factors such as geographic location, date of hire, and the applicability of collective bargaining agreements.Salaries are based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations.Summary pay range for Associate: $79,050.00 - $123,050.00Applications for this position will be accepted until Feb. 25, 2024. Export Control Requirements: U.S. Government Export Control Status: This position must meet export control compliance requirements. To meet export control compliance requirements, a “U.S. Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R.120.15 is required. “U.S. Person” includes U.S. Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee.Export Control Details: US based job, US Person requiredEqual Opportunity Employer:Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.