position is Software Architect - C++ - 46456BR
company is Synopsys Inc
location is Irvine, CA
salary is N/A

Seniority level is Mid-Senior level
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Design, Consulting, and Engineering
Industries is Semiconductor Manufacturing, Software Development, and Computer Hardware Manufacturing

Software Architect - C++ We are seeking an experienced Software Architect to join the development team of Synopsys OSG. Your expertise will be instrumental in delivering cutting-edge optical design solutions to the customers. As a Software Architect you will play a critical role in integrating large legacy systems with modern component-based architecture. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to integrate various software modules into a cohesive system. The ideal candidate will bring a strategic mindset to lead and oversee the evolution of our existing software assets.Key Responsibilities Leverage your deep knowledge of C++ to guide the development process. You will make the final determination regarding software design and implementation.  Analyze and assess existing legacy systems to understand their architecture, components, and business logic.  Design and develop modular, scalable, and maintainable components that integrate seamlessly with legacy systems.  Lead initiatives to replace or modernize obsolete components without disrupting the business operations.  Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including software developers, testers, and business stakeholders, to ensure alignment and smooth transitions.  Provide technical guidance and mentoring to development teams.  Oversee and ensure the application of best practices, standards, and methodologies in architecture and design.  Create and maintain architecture documentation, including diagrams, specifications, and integration strategies.  Stay updated with the latest industry trends and technologies to ensure our systems remain current and competitive.  Drive performance tuning, improvement, balancing, usability, and automation of systems.  Identify performance bottlenecks and work with development teams to optimize code and improve system efficiency.  Develop algorithms for GPU, Cloud, and Clusters of computers to further parallelize computation and increase speed dramatically.  Qualifications:  Bachelor's or higher degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field.  6+ years of p roven experience as a Software Architect with a solid background in C++ development.  Deep understanding of software design patterns, data structures, and algorithms.  Proficiency in designing and implementing high-performance, scalable, and maintainable software systems.  Excellent problem-solving skills and strategic thinking; ability to analyze complex technical challenges.  Excellent communication skills.  Each of the following qualifications is a plus:  Experience/Background in Physics, Optics, Mathematics  Hands-on experience with parallel computation, GPU or HPC .  Experience developing CAD/CAM, ray tracing and Photorealistic Visualization  K nowledge of 3D Geometry and Optimization Algorithms  Why Synopsys? Synopsys is a cutting-edge technology company and its Optical Solutions Group specializes in Optical Design Software used by world’s leading researches and engineers . Synopsys is pushing the boundaries of innovation and creating solutions that make a real positive impact on the world. Opportunity to work on cutting-edge technologies and innovative projects.  Dynamic work environment. Ability to work remotely and /or from multiple office locations .  Competitive salary , bonus and benefits package that includes stock purchase plan, 401k plan, and insurance packages.  Professional development support. Stay Connected: Join our Talent CommunityInclusion and Diversity are important to us. Synopsys considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, military veteran status, or disability.