position is AR Systems Integration Lead
company is Meta
location is Redmond, WA
salary is $129,000.00/yr - $200,000.00/yr

Seniority level is Not Applicable
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Accounting/Auditing and Finance
Industries is Technology, Information and Internet

          The Reality Labs team is building products that make it easier for people to connect with the ones they love most. We are a team of world-class experts developing and shipping products at the intersection of hardware, software, and content. Our Augmented Reality Systems Platform team has the responsibility for taking breakthrough concepts and delivering them to market at scale. Reality Labs team seeks a System Integration Lead who has experience in quickly prototyping new technologies and integrating them into shipping products.We are currently seeking an innovative System Integration Lead. This person should have a passion for working across technical disciplines to develop compelling products and platforms that involve developing new technologies and solving complex problems. This position requires someone who has expertise working with product teams; able to work collaboratively with non-technical and technical partners, to manage system maturation, requirements, and respective risks; and focused on execution while providing clear and effective communication to remove barriers across the team.AR Systems Integration Lead Responsibilities:Identify gaps in the AR hardware development roadmap, and define prototyping platforms that fill these gapsDrive development of clear requirements for our prototyping engagements, create well-defined processes to deliver on these requirements, and drive cross-functional teams to execute against aggressive timelinesLead and own our prototyping vehicles through the entire engineering process (through concept, architecture, design, execution, and support)Communicate technology, processes, and plans effectively to both internal and external stakeholdersFacilitate and work with teams to quickly identify, debug, and resolve technical project challengesMinimum Qualifications:BS in Electrical Engineering or Mechanical Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent work experience6+ years of product design/prototyping experience, including full system ownershipExperience in developing advanced systems with multi-function/multi-disciplinary threads across hardware, software, and firmwareExperience working across disciplines and with both technical and non-technical team membersExperience in developing new technologies and integrating advanced systems in consumer electronicsAbout Meta:Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics.Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Meta participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. Please note that Meta may leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies in connection with applications for employment.Meta is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.