position is Generative AI Engineer
company is Capgemini
location is San Francisco Bay Area
salary is N/A

Seniority level is Mid-Senior level
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Information Technology, Other, and Consulting
Industries is Outsourcing and Offshoring Consulting, Business Consulting and Services, and IT Services and IT Consulting

Thanks for your interest, we are also hiring for our office in Chicago, New York, Texas and Atlanta.Design, develop, and implement machine learning models, focusing on generative AI and NLP.2. Work extensively with OpenAI GPT models and other popular LLMs.3. Utilize Python programming language to write robust and efficient code.4. Use Azure environment for cloud computing needs and Langchain framework for language processing tasks.5. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and provide AI solutions.6. Maintain up-to-date knowledge of AI and machine learning developments and participate in professional development opportunities.7. Evaluate and fine-tune models based on performance and business needs.Qualifications:1. bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, Machine Learning, AI, or a related field.2. Minimum of 5 years of experience in AI, machine learning, or a similar role.3. Proven experience with generative AI, NLP, and LLMs, particularly OpenAI GPT models.4. Proficiency in Python and experience with Azure environment and Langchain framework.5. Strong understanding of machine learning algorithms and principles.6. Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to work independently and in teams.7. Strong communication skills, with the ability to explain complex concepts to non-technical stakeholdersLife at CapgeminiCapgemini supports all aspects of your well-being throughout the changing stages of your life and career. For eligible employees, we offer:Collaborating with teams of creative, fun, and driven colleaguesFlexible work options enabling time and location-based flexibilityCompany-provided home office equipmentVirtual collaboration and productivity tools to enable hybrid teamsComprehensive benefits program (Health, Welfare, Retirement and Paid time off)Other perks and wellness benefits like discount programs, and gym/studio access.Paid Parental Leave and coaching, baby welcome gift, and family care/illness daysBack-up childcare/elder care, childcare discounts, and subsidized virtual tutoringTuition assistance and weekly hot skill development opportunitiesExperiential, high-impact learning series eventsAccess to mental health resources and mindfulness programsAccess to join Capgemini Employee Resource Groups around communities of interestAbout CapgeminiCapgemini is a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of over 360,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fueled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. The Group reported in 2022 global revenues of €22 billion.Get The Future You Want | www.capgemini.comDisclaimerCapgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.Capgemini is committed to providing reasonable accommodations during our recruitment process. If you need assistance or accommodation, please reach out to your recruiting contact.Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-lawPlease be aware that Capgemini may capture your image (video or screenshot) during the interview process and that image may be used for verification, including during the hiring and onboarding process.Applicants for employment in US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in US by Capgemini.