position is Accountant
company is Altarum
location is Ann Arbor, MI
salary is N/A

Seniority level is Mid-Senior level
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Accounting/Auditing and Finance
Industries is Hospitals and Health Care, Non-profit Organizations, and Education Administration Programs

          Altarum is seeking an Accountant. The Accountant will support preparation of financial statements and related supporting schedules of Altarum Institute and its subsidiaries. Assist in preparation for financial audits, tax returns, and other ad hoc analyses. This role will report to the Director of Financial Reporting and will closely interact with the Chief Financial Officer and business unit Division Leaders to provide financial reports and analyses. ResponsibilitiesPrepares day-to-day and month-end close entries including revenue, payroll, prepaid expenses, unbilled accounts receivable, and accrued liabilities. Prepares complex reconciliations for necessary balance sheet accounts and various other general ledger accounts, as needed. Assists with the month-end and year-end closing process. Maintains Contract Pricing, Indirect Labor Rates, and Cost Pools information Assists and prepares working papers to support external audit and tax preparation. Includes preparing schedules, providing explanations of supporting materials and procedures, and preparing any other necessary data. Makes recommendations for improving accounting processes and use of systems. Assists in implementing accounting policies and procedures. Assists the Director of Financial Reporting and performs various backup functions as needed Interacts with internal client and responds to internal client requests regularly. Performs other duties as assigned QualificationsBachelor’s degree in Finance or related business discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, professional training, or work experience Must have at3-5 years of related experience in finance or accounting Advanced Microsoft Excel skills Experience working with all government contract types (Cost Plus, T&M, FFP, etc.)  Knowledge of billing and revenue cycles Proven planning and organizational skills Superior analytical skills and strong attention to detail Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently, setting priorities and managing multiple tasks while maintaining a high level of efficiency and accuracy Flexible with the ability to quickly adjust to changing priorities Desired QualificationsKnowledge of Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR)and other government regulations Experience with Deltek Costpoint or comparable accounting and reporting systems Logistical RequirementsAt this time we will only accept candidates who are presently eligible to work in the United States and will not require sponsorship.Our organization requires that all work, for the duration of your employment, must be completed in the continental U.S. unless required by contract.Must be able to work during eastern time unless approved by your manager.ABOUT ALTARUM: Altarum is a nonprofit organization focused on improving the health of individuals with fewer financial resources and populations disenfranchised by the health care system. We work primarily on behalf of federal and state governments to design and implement solutions that achieve measurable results. We combine our expertise in public health and health care delivery with technology development and implementation, practice transformation, training and technical assistance, quality improvement, data analytics, and applied research and evaluation. Our innovative solutions and proven processes lead to better value and health for all.In addition to the meaningful and challenging work, Altarum offers an outstanding benefits program that includes paid time off, tuition reimbursement, 401k (3% employer contribution plus opportunity for gainsharing), a flexible work environment, and much more. We invite you to explore exciting and rewarding career opportunities with us.Altarum provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.