position is Research Associate - Machine Learning and X-ray Imaging
company is SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory
location is Menlo Park, CA
salary is $70,000.00/yr - $100,000.00/yr

Seniority level is Not Applicable
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Other
Industries is Research Services and Higher Education

SLAC Job Postings Position OverviewSLAC National Accelerator Laboratory has a temporary employment opportunity for a Research Associate (RA) with a background and interest in machine learning and x-ray imaging methods.In this position you will be supporting an interdisciplinary and joint research effort managed by the Linac Coherent Light Source (LCLS), a science directorate, and Stanford Institute for Materials and Energy Sciences (SIMES), a division within our Energy Science Directorate.You will have the opportunity to perform machine learning algorithm development for compressing and analyzing massive scientific data, with particular relevance to high data-rate x-ray imaging experiments. Additionally, you will have the opportunity to collaborate with all levels of research staff at SLAC, Stanford and other internal/external research partners.Note: The Research Associate role is a fixed term staff position. This is a 2-year fixed term position with the possibility of extension. Assignment duration is contingent upon project needs and funding.Applicants must provide evidence of a PhD degree. Applicants should also include a cover letter, a statement of research area including brief summary of accomplishments and a curriculum vitae. Supplying letters of recommendation or names to contact for reference with the application is also useful.Your Specific Research Projects Include Exploring and developing machine learning algorithms for data compression of massive scientific datasets, such as x-ray scattering images.  Developing machine learning algorithms for reconstructions from single-particle diffraction patterns.  Testing, benchmarking, and deploying the developed algorithms to the real data system with high data-rate at LCLS-II.  Interest or experience in condensed matter, especially quantum materials, or in other advanced x-ray techniques is also a plus. To Be Successful In This Position You Will Bring  A PhD in in computer science, physics, mathematics, materials sciences, chemistry, or related fields with demonstrated coursework or research experience including: A research background in fields including, but not limited to, machine learning, high-performance computing, computer vision, data compression, and inverse problems.  Comprehensive understanding and expertise in computational techniques.  Strong programming skills and excellent judgment.  Demonstrated effective written and verbal communications skills.  Demonstrated ability to work and communicate effectively with a diverse group of people.  Demonstrated ability to work both independently and in a team environment. SLAC Employee Competencies Effective Decisions: Uses job knowledge and solid judgment to make quality decisions in a timely manner.  Self-Development: Pursues a variety of venues and opportunities to continue learning and developing.  Dependability: Can be counted on to deliver results with a sense of personal responsibility for expected outcomes.  Initiative: Pursues work and interactions proactively with optimism, positive energy, and motivation to move things forward.  Adaptability: Flexes as needed when change occurs, maintains an open outlook while adjusting and accommodating changes.  Communication: Ensures effective information flow to various audiences and creates and delivers clear, appropriate written, spoken, presented messages.  Relationships: Builds relationships to foster trust, collaboration, and a positive climate to achieve common goals. Physical Requirements And Working Conditions Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of the job.  Given the nature of this position, SLAC will require onsite work. Work Standards Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrates the ability to work well with Stanford colleagues and clients and with external organizations.  Promote Culture of Safety: Demonstrates commitment to personal responsibility and value for environment, safety and security; communicates related concerns; uses and promotes safe behaviors based on training and lessons learned. Meets the applicable roles and responsibilities as described in the ESH Manual, Chapter 1—General Policy and Responsibilities: https://www-group.slac.stanford.edu/esh/eshmanual/pdfs/ESHch01.pdf  Subject to and expected to comply with all applicable University policies and procedures, including but not limited to the personnel policies and other policies found in the University's Administrative Guide, http://adminguide.stanford.edu.  Classification Title: Research Assoc-Experimental  Grade: G, Job code: 0127  Employment Duration: Fixed term – 2 years The expected pay range for this position is $70,000 - $100,000 per annum. SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory/Stanford University provides pay ranges representing its good faith estimate of what the university reasonably expects to pay for a position. The pay offered to a selected candidate will be determined based on factors such as (but not limited to) the scope and responsibilities of the position, the qualifications of the selected candidate, departmental budget availability, internal equity, geographic location and external market pay for comparable jobs.