position is Principal System Software Architect, Servers
company is NVIDIA
location is Boulder, CO
salary is $216,000.00/yr - $414,000.00/yr

Seniority level is Director
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Engineering
Industries is Computer Hardware Manufacturing, Software Development, and Computers and Electronics Manufacturing

We are now looking for a Senior Tegra System Software Architect!Do you want to be a part of the Artificial Intelligence Revolution? Would you like to work with world-class systems architects and deep learning professionals to define the next generation CPUs and System on Chips? NVIDIA is developing processor and system architectures that are at the forefront of accelerating machine learning, building data centers, and enabling other high-performance computing applications. We are architecting the most advanced CPUs and SoC's in the world for these applications and are looking for software architects to join our effort. In this position, you will have the opportunity to work with teams to maximize the potential of our SoC products, bringing together NVIDIA CPUs, GPUs, custom processors and accelerators. Your role will be cross disciplinary, collaborating with industry partners, customers, internal architects, software, ASIC design, verification, and platform teams. Our software architects excel at pushing the state of the art, while making the best engineering trade-offs.What You’ll Be DoingCollaborate with Hardware and Software Engineers to craft the next generation SoC and CPUsBring a deep understanding of Software Architecture, system software technologies, and modern OSes to drive hardware architecture decisionsProvide direction and advice for designing optimized solutions to various software engineering organizationsCollaborate with key partners to customize solutions to meet their requirementsResearch upcoming industry directions for Tegra's key markets and provide engagement advice to Sr. ManagementWhat We Need To SeeYou have a MS or PhD degree in computer or electrical engineering or equivalent work experience10+ years of software and/or architecture experience with complex SoCA deep knowledge of OS/driver software stacks, e.g., Linux and a very strong Software development background with CExcellent communication skills to describe hard problems in simple terms and drive multi-functional groups to efficient engineering solutionsExcellent analytical, written, and verbal interpersonal skills and ability to work as part of a global teamWays To Stand Out From The CrowdExcellent understanding of processor architectures such as ARM, RISC-V, x86Background with virtualization technologies and hypervisorsFamiliarity with CPU and SoC security architecture, such as ARM Confidential ComputeExperience in working with the Linux open source communityNVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative, autonomous and love a challenge, we want to hear from you!The base salary range is 216,000 USD - 414,000 USD. Your base salary will be determined based on your location, experience, and the pay of employees in similar positions.You will also be eligible for equity and benefits .  NVIDIA accepts applications on an ongoing basis. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.