position is Software Engineering
company is JPMorgan Chase & Co.
location is Jersey City, NJ
salary is $169,229.00/yr - $215,000.00/yr

Seniority level is Not Applicable
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Engineering and Information Technology
Industries is Financial Services

DescriptionJOB DESCRIPTIONDuties: Manage end-to-end performance Testing across multiple projects at same time. Create the performance strategy and identify all the dependencies across all dependent Systems. Identify the performance bottleneck and provide recommendation to resolve and optimize the system performance. Support end to end scalability and system performance business needs. Establish benchmark for existing products and extrapolate for future year on year growth. Monitor end-to-end System. Automate Performance engineering process into continuous integration and continuous deployment model. Assist cloud enablement journey for core services. Create Telemetry for the system in production. Determine the capacity testing by extrapolating the current stats in scaled down environment. Generate dashboard and provide the executive summary of system performance.QualificationsMinimum education and experience required: Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Information Technology, or related field of study plus 5 (Five) years of experience in the job offered or as Software Engineering, Software QA Engineer, Quality Assurance Analyst, IT Consultant, Test Engineer, or related occupation.Skills Required: Requires experience in the following: Linux; Windows; iOS; C or C++; Java; .Net; JavaScript; VB Script; Bean Shell Scripting; Python; HTML; RDBMS; SQL; Oracle; SOAP; PostMan; Cloud Platforms like Amazon Web services or Microsoft Azure Cloud; JMeter; Blazemeter; LoadRunner; Performance Center; Selenium; Splunk; AppDynamics; Wily Introscope; MS PerfMon; Performance Testing; Regression Testing; User Acceptance testing (UAT); Automation Testing; and SOA Testing.Job Location: 575 Washington Blvd, Jersey City, NJ 07310. Telecommuting permitted up to 40% of the week.Full-Time. Salary: $169,229 - $215,000 per yearAbout UsChase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America’s households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.We offer a competitive total rewards package including base salary determined based on the role, experience, skill set, and location. For those in eligible roles, discretionary incentive compensation which may be awarded in recognition of individual achievements and contributions. We also offer a range of benefits and programs to meet employee needs, based on eligibility. These benefits include comprehensive health care coverage, on-site health and wellness centers, a retirement savings plan, backup childcare, tuition reimbursement, mental health support, financial coaching and more. Additional details about total compensation and benefits will be provided during the hiring process.We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. We also make reasonable accommodations for applicants’ and employees’ religious practices and beliefs, as well as mental health or physical disability needs. Visit our FAQs for more information about requesting an accommodation.Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/VeteransAbout The TeamOur Consumer & Community Banking division serves our Chase customers through a range of financial services, including personal banking, credit cards, mortgages, auto financing, investment advice, small business loans and payment processing. We’re proud to lead the U.S. in credit card sales and deposit growth and have the most-used digital solutions – all while ranking first in customer satisfaction.