position is Go Expert - AI Training [Remote]
company is Braintrust
location is Texas, United States
salary is $16.00/hr - $55.00/hr

Seniority level is Associate
Employment type is Part-time
Job function is Engineering and Information Technology
Industries is Technology, Information and Internet

About UsBraintrust is a user-owned talent network that connects top-tier professionals with the world's leading enterprises. We prioritize transparency, eliminating middlemen and high markups, ensuring job-seekers are matched swiftly to innovative roles while clients benefit from unparalleled efficiency and quality.About The Hiring ProcessThe hiring process for this role involves completing your Braintrust profile, applying directly to the role on Braintrust, and undergoing a one-time screening to ensure you meet our vetted talent specifications. After this, the hiring team will contact you directly if they believe you are a suitable match.Our process isn't for everyone, that's intentional. If you believe that you are a top candidate for this job, please join our network to give yourself the opportunity to work with top companies.JOB TYPE: Freelance, Contract Position (no agencies/C2C - see notes below)LOCATION: Work from anywhere - Anytime | No timezone overlap requiredHOURLY RANGE Our client is looking to pay $16.00 – $55.00/hrESTIMATED DURATION: 20/week - short termEXPERIENCE: 3-4 yearsBRAINTRUST JOB ID: 11450The OpportunityThis is a great opportunity to supplement your income while looking for longer or more full-time work, all while contributing to the development of new AI models using your domain expertise!Our client has hired over 100 BT Talent and intends to hire hundreds more!You’ll have the flexibility to work as much or as little as you choose - 20hrs/week is suggested, but not a limit. Start working in as little as 48 hours.What to expect: If qualified, you’ll complete an ID verification & be invited to complete a 30-minute technical interview, typically scheduled within 48 hours of being invited. The interview will consist of technicals, choosing from: JS, Java, C++, and Python. If you successfully pass the interview, you’ll be approved and able to begin work ASAP. Otherwise, the next step will be to complete an async rating & writing assessment.In both scenarios, you will be compensated for successfully completing the assessment, up to $175.Required QualificationsComplete fluency in the English language is required. You should be able to describe code and abstract information in a clear way.Proficiency working with any of the the following:Python, Java, JavaScript / TypeScript, SQL, C/C++/C# and/or HTMLPreferred QualificationsBachelor's and/or Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalent. Students are welcome.Proficiency working with any of the the following (in addition to the languages above):Swift, Ruby, Rust, Go, NET, Matlab, PHP, HTML, DART, R, Apex, and ShellData Science experienceNote: Scale AI is partnering with Remotasks for this opportunityWhat You'll Be Working OnOur client has partnered with organizations to train AI large language models, helping cutting-edge generative AI models write better code. Example projects might include:Evaluating the quality of AI-generated code, including human-readable summaries of your rationaleSolve coding problems, writing functional and efficient codeOptimize code to run at maximum efficiencyWriting robust test cases to confirm code works efficiently and effectivelyWriting human-readable summaries of coding problemsWriting explanations of how code can solve problems and evaluate various solution approachesNo previous experience with AI necessary! You will receive detailed instructions on what is expected of you after you complete the application and verification process.Apply Now!NotesOur employers all have varying legal and geographic requirements for their roles, they trust Braintrust to find them the talent that meet their unique specifications. For that reason, this role is not available to C2C candidates working with an agency. If you are a professional contractor who has created an LLC/corp around their consulting practice, this is well aligned with Braintrust and we’d welcome your application.Braintrust values the multitude of talents and perspectives that a diverse workforce brings. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.