position is Senior Software Engineer
company is VantageScore®
location is San Francisco Bay Area
salary is $150,000.00/yr - $200,000.00/yr

Seniority level is Mid-Senior level
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Engineering and Information Technology
Industries is Financial Services, Capital Markets, and IT Services and IT Consulting

Senior Software Engineer Hybrid - NYC Area, SF Bay AreaAbout VantageScore At VantageScore we drive impact for good on a massive scale impacting tens of millions of people across the United States. Our mission is to be the leading credit modeling company delivering the most predictive, most innovative and most inclusive tri-bureau models and attributes in the US market. Our innovation is increasing access for millions more Americans to financial products and homeownership. Our models are among, if not the most, inclusive in the United States and power billions of credits scores a yearWe are fueled by a growing, exceptionally talented team and are actively seeking individuals who can join us in driving us toward our ambitious goals. At VantageScore, you'll have the unique opportunity to work within a fast-paced, independent start-up culture while enjoying the financial stability that comes from being backed by the three leading US credit bureaus.VantageScore® consumer credit scoring models combine the need for both financial inclusion and dependable predictiveness across all scoring ranges. An industry thought leader and technology innovation leader, the company’s most recent models score approximately 94 percent of all adults 18 and older – including 33 million more people than conventional models – without sacrificing safety and soundness. As a result, lenders using VantageScore can extend credit to those who have been historically marginalized, including minority and lower-to-middle-income Americans. VantageScore credit scores are used by over 3,000 banks, fin-techs and other companies use VantageScore credit scores every day to assess consumer creditworthiness.Last year, over 19 billion VantageScore credit scores were used representing a 30% yearly increase. Most top 10 US banks, large credit unions and leading fin-techs use VantageScore credit scores in one or more lines of business including credit cards, auto loans, personal loans and more. Starting in 2024 the FHFA has required VantageScore credit scores to be used for all mortgages sold to, or guaranteed by, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Get started using VantageScore credit scores today - we are the leader in predictive power and financial inclusion.About the Role As a Senior Software Engineer at our organization, you will play a pivotal role in building public APIs that will be utilized by all three major US credit bureaus. In this role, you will collaborate closely with data scientists and fellow engineers to tackle cutting-edge challenges in the realm of fintech. This is an exciting opportunity to work on innovative projects that are set to revolutionize the fintech and credit scoring industry, while ensuring the security, robustness, and high performance of our APIs. What sets this role apart is the freedom to influence and shape our technical stack, unburdened by legacy infrastructure or tech debt.The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in designing, developing, and implementing complex software applications and external facing APIs, and a strong background in computer science, mathematics, and/or a related field. The successful candidate will collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop innovative solutions to meet business needs and will be responsible for building and maintaining highly reliable and scalable systems. You will be responsible for mentoring junior engineers on the team and being closely involved in their design and implementationsResponsibilitiesApplication Development: Take a lead role in designing, building, testing, and maintaining containerized applications and APIs that drive our advanced Credit Scoring applications for all three leading US Credit Bureaus. Develop automated test suites and CI/CD pipelines. Build highly scalable event-driven and real-time systems.Cutting-Edge Collaboration: Work closely with a team of product owners, data scientists and engineers to tackle complex challenges in the fintech space. Collaborate in the evaluation and adoption of the most effective predictive models using machine learning.Mentorship: Mentor and guide other software engineers within the team, sharing your expertise and promoting skill development.Establish Best Practices: Contribute in all phases of the software development lifecycle, from concept to design and implementation. Write well-designed, readable, maintainable, testable, and efficient code. Standardize the software development and release process in collaboration with various team members. Contribute to technical documentation of software components.Skills Requirements:-Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related field.-Proven experience in designing and developing complex software applications and external-facing APIs using Python or other high-performance languages.-Experience in building quantitative applications utilizing multiple mathematical/AI methods is highly preferred.-Strong background in computer science and an understanding of mathematical concepts relevant to fintech and credit scoring.-Experience building high performance, reliable software using cloud infrastructure (AWS/Azure) adhering to strict security requirements.-Strong knowledge of relational and NoSQL databases-Experience with deployment infrastructure, including containers (Docker), orchestration (Kubernetes) and CI/CD pipelines (CircleCI/jenkins/teamcity).Additional - Hybrid Role for Candidates based in New York City Area or San Francisco Bay Area Generous Benefits: 401(K) matched up to 7%, Flexible Time Off, 12 Paid Holidays, Medical/Dental/Vision/Wellness benefits, Monthly Team Events, Modern Work/Collaboration SpacesCompensation Range: $150K - $200K Join Us and Be the Catalyst of Change in Fintech!Are you an engineer who thrives on innovation, excels at problem-solving, and has a deep passion for fintech? We invite you to take the leap and join our team. Together, let's embark on a mission to redefine the industry and propel your career to new heights at VantageScore!