position is Software Development Engineer - Test, Hardware Compute Group
company is Amazon Lab126
location is Sunnyvale, CA
salary is $115,000.00/yr - $223,600.00/yr

Seniority level is Mid-Senior level
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Information Technology, Consulting, and Engineering
Industries is Software Development, IT Services and IT Consulting, and Technology, Information and Internet

DescriptionSummaryAmazon Lab126 is an inventive research and development company that designs and engineers high-profile consumer electronics. Lab126 began in 2004 as a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc., originally creating the best-selling Kindle family of products. Since then, we have produced groundbreaking devices like Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo and Echo Dot. What will you help us create?Work hard. Have fun. Make history.We are looking for a Software Development Engineer in Test to help automate next generation platforms. In this role you will work with system architects, QA engineers, software developers, program managers and hardware engineers to implement test automation and infrastructure development for our next generation applications and platforms which have a significant impact on our systems, our business and most importantly, our customers.As a SDET champion on the engineering team, you will own the vision for test infrastructures, build frameworks that allow developers/SQA to easily write reliable tests, and invent new mechanisms for ensuring that every change we make can be deployed safely and quickly. You will help solve our most difficult challenges, and you will coach other engineers to foster a culture of relentless high-standards.The ideal candidate for this role has a strong track record and proficiency in building efficient and innovative test tools. They are a pragmatic problem-solver with high judgment who brings an experienced perspective to balance quality and strategy trade-offs to meet the needs of Amazon Devices teams. They will bring clarity to complexity, probing assumptions, illuminating pitfalls with data, and fostering shared understanding. They have specialized knowledge analyzing test procedures, inspecting architectures and developing test infrastructure and tools that provide confidence in product quality.Key job responsibilities Understanding how all elements of the system software ecosystem work together and developing QA approaches and tools that fit the overall strategy Developing test strategies and creating appropriate test harnesses Providing test infrastructure to enable engineering teams to test and own quality of the services. Being a stakeholder of the release to ensure defects are fixed per SLA and end customer experience is protected and improved Developing and Automating test plans, monitoring and reporting on test execution and quality metrics Coordinating with offshore Quality Service team on test execution and sign-offWe are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations:Sunnyvale, CA, USABasic Qualifications 4+ years of non-internship professional software development testing experience Experience programming with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field or 6+ years relevant work experience Strong in data structure and algorithm Familiarity with various software technologies, methodologies and applied software engineering practices/standards such as Object Oriented Design (OOD), cloud software development and embedded softwarePreferred Qualifications Deep hands-on technical expertise in automation, developing test frameworks, tools and APIs. Experience in Linux subsystem and testing. Experience in testing of Machine Learning models. Experience in quality assurance for consumer electronics A deep understanding of automation testing by leading engineers who can write automation scripts/programs that will aid in automated testingAmazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $115,000/year in our lowest geographic market up to $223,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.Company - Amazon.com Services LLCJob ID: A2559009