position is Assistant Manager
company is Boston Public Market Association
location is Boston, MA
salary is N/A

Seniority level is Mid-Senior level
Employment type is Part-time
Industries is Non-profit Organizations

Overview:The Boston Public Market Association (BPMA) is seeking an Assistant Manager (aka Manager On Duty), an hourly position. The role will report to the Operations Team and the CEO and will work closely with them on the day-to-day operations of the Boston Public Market. This role is roughly 15-20 hour per week. The Assistant Manager ensures that the Market is functioning properly and is safe, clean, and welcoming to all vendors and customers. This role serves as the primary link between the BPMA, vendors, volunteers, and the general public. This person will spend much of their time on the Market floor and should be comfortable working on their feet during busy times. This role will require regular weekend and evening hours consistent with the operating hours of the Market. The Manager on Duty will also have the opportunity to help with Market projects if they would like additional responsibilities and experience.General Responsibilities:Specific responsibilities will be determined by the needs of the vendors and customers at the market. Generally, the Assistant Manager is responsible for the following activities:Work with the building operations staff (including the BPMA Operations Team, janitorial staff, security, etc.) to maintain a clean, safe, and aesthetic space.Respond to vendor and customer needs and questions in a timely fashion. Ensure that any Market programs and special events (such as pop-up vendors, entertainment, classes, etc.) run smoothly.Handle emergencies and safety/security concerns as they arise. Qualifications:Excellent interpersonal and communication skillsAbility to work independently as well as with the team of BPMA staff members, volunteers, and interns.Reliable, self-motivated, flexible, and positive.The ideal candidate will have a passion for local agriculture and community.How to Apply:Please send a letter of interest and resume to Chelsea at cdoliner@bostonpublicmarket.org. Applications are due by Wednesday, March 6, 2024. About the BPMA:The BPMA is a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) with a mission to develop and operate the Boston Public Market, a permanent, indoor, year-round marketplace offering fresh foods, prepared meals, and artisan products from Massachusetts and New England. Everything sold at the Market is produced or originates in New England, as the seasons allow. The position will remain open until filled. The Boston Public Market Association is an Equal Opportunity Employer.