position is Postdoctoral Research Scientist, Artificial Intelligence (PhD)
company is Meta
location is Pittsburgh, PA
salary is $117,000.00/yr - $173,000.00/yr

Seniority level is Not Applicable
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Research, Analyst, and Information Technology
Industries is Technology, Information and Internet

          At Reality Labs Research, we aspire to a vision of the world where people are able to interact with each other across distances in a way that is indistinguishable from reality. We are looking for an exceptional researcher with a proven track record in using machine learning and generative models for solving complex computer vision problems. As a Postdoctoral Research Scientist at RLR, you will work in a strong team of fellow researchers and engineers to solve challenges at the forefront of AI. We are looking for a creative researcher who is capable of generating new ideas and turning them into reality with strong coding skills.Postdoctoral Research Scientist, Artificial Intelligence (PhD) Responsibilities:Write high-quality research code and research papers.Publish research results at top-tier conferences.Design large-scale experiments to test research ideas on a variety of problems.Minimum Qualifications:Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Degree must be completed prior to joining Meta.Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a PhD degree or completing a postdoctoral assignment in the field of Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Computer Graphics, Robotics or relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Degree must be completed prior to joining Meta.Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employmentProven track record in using machine learning for solving computer vision problems.Experience with generative models such as diffusion models, GANs or VAEs.Experience with Python and deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch / JAX.Interpersonal experience: cross-group and cross-culture collaboration.Preferred Qualifications:Experience with modern deep learning architectures (transformers, CNNs).Experience with neural rendering, relighting, illumination modeling, 3D reconstruction or appearance acquisition.Proven track record of achieving significant results as demonstrated by first-authored publications at leading conferences (e.g., NeurIPS, ICLR, ICML, CVPR, ECCV and ICCV).Demonstrated software engineer experience via contributions to open source repositories (e.g. GitHub, HuggingFace), internships, work experience or coding competitions.About Meta:Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics.Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Meta participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. Please note that Meta may leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies in connection with applications for employment.Meta is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.