position is Rotorcraft Vehicle Simulation Software Engineer
company is Boeing
location is Hazelwood, MO
salary is N/A

Seniority level is Not Applicable
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Engineering and Information Technology
Industries is Airlines and Aviation, Aviation and Aerospace Component Manufacturing, and Defense and Space Manufacturing

Job DescriptionAt Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.The Boeing Company is currently seeking Software Engineers to join the Training Systems team located in Hazelwood, MO. This position will focus on supporting the Boeing Global Services (BGS) business organization.Government Training Software Engineering is currently seeking Software Engineers to become part of the Training Systems team in St. Louis, MO. Training Systems is responsible for the design, development, manufacture, and maintenance of training devices for a wide variety of military aircraft - everything from AH-64 Apache Attack Helicopters, F-15 Fighters, and P-8 Anti-Submarine Aircraft.The selected applicant will be a member of a high performing, collaborative Rotorcraft Training Systems Vehicle Simulation team. The team is responsible for delivering real-time high-fidelity training simulators for the AH-64 Apache, AH-6 Little Bird, CH-47 Chinook, and MH-139 Grey Wolf. You will get to experience the full life-cycle of software development where you will have a hand in defining requirements; designing the solution; implementing, integrating, and testing the software; and receiving feedback from our customers.The team uses Agile methodologies to support all aspects of product development, including project management. The applicant will be encouraged to actively help the team to continuously improve and develop innovative and creative solutions to products and processes.Our teams are currently hiring for a broad range of experience levels including; Associate and Experienced Software Engineers.This position is hybrid. This means that the selected candidate will be required to perform some work onsite at one of the listed location options. This is at the hiring team’s discretion and could potentially change in the future.Position Responsibilities:Lead complex software engineering projects to develop and maintain code and integrate software components into a fully functional software system.Develop and maintain the documentation and maintenance of architectures, requirements, algorithms, interfaces and designs for software systems.Create and execute with test procedures and documenting test results to ensure software system requirements are met.Documents deployed processes and tools and collect metrics.Gathers information to support software project management. Executes software research and development projects.Troubleshoots complex software issues.Lead and mentor junior engineers.Security Clearance and Export Control Requirements:This position requires the ability to obtain a Secret US Security Clearance for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. Ability to obtain Secret US Security clearance Post-Start.To be considered for this position you will be required to complete a technical assessment as part of the selection process. Failure to complete the assessment will remove you from consideration.Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/ Experience):Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science or other technical degree2+ years of programming experience with C/C++Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience):3 or more years’ related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience3+ years of experience in real-time software developmentAgile software development knowledgeExperience developing software using AdaExperience developing software using PythonExperience developing software using Linux OSExperience with Git / GitLabExperience with VersionOne or Jira work trackingExperience with Jenkins Build ServerExperience with SimulationTypical Education/Experience:Associate (Level 2)Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 2 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. Master)In the USA, ABET accreditation is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standardExperienced (level 3)Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 5 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. PhD, Master’s degree +3 years’ relatedIn the USA, ABET accreditation is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standardTravel: Relocation: This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility. Note: Basic relocation will be offered for eligible internal candidates.Drug Free Workplace:Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.Shift:This position is for 1st shiftAt Boeing, we strive to deliver a Total Rewards package that will attract, engage and retain the top talent. Elements of the Total Rewards package include competitive base pay and variable compensation opportunities.The Boeing Company also provides eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work.The specific programs and options available to any given employee may vary depending on eligibility factors such as geographic location, date of hire, and the applicability of collective bargaining agreements.Pay is based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations.Summary pay range for Associate: $85,000.00 - $115,000.00Summary pay range for Experienced: $104,550.00 - $141,450.00Applications for this position will be accepted until February 28, 2024.Export Control Requirements: U.S. Government Export Control Status: This position must meet export control compliance requirements. To meet export control compliance requirements, a “U.S. Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R.120.15 is required. “U.S. Person” includes U.S. Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee.Export Control Details: US based job, US Person requiredEqual Opportunity Employer:Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.