position is System Engineer
company is Sealing Technologies, a Parsons Company
location is Columbia, MD
salary is N/A

Seniority level is Mid-Senior level
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Information Technology and Engineering
Industries is IT Services and IT Consulting

Operational Support Engineer (Systems Engineer)Sealing Technologies, a Parsons Company, provides Cyber Security services and cutting-edge technologies to the Federal Government. SealingTech is looking for a mid-level engineer who likes each day to be a little bit different from the last. You’ll be helping our customer innovate new ways to perform and accomplish their mission. Someone with an interest in computer hardware will be very beneficial here, although anyone who likes to tinker in general will be successful. Our customer has a unique mission that will ensure that each day is different from the last. This position will require you to think creatively and solve problems that you’re unlikely to have encountered before.If you have a working knowledge of several of these, you’re what we’re looking for: networking, computer hardware, python, ansible, virtualization, incident response, security onion, etc. There are some RMF duties associated with this position.Minimum Qualifications: 6 to 8 years of engineering experience.Experience with or working knowledge of ACAS or Nessus and vulnerability scanning.Working knowledge of two or more of these areas:NetworkingComputer/Server HardwarePythonAnsibleVirtualizationIncident ResponseCyber Hunting Tools (Security Onion/ELK/Splunk)STIG ApplicationOrganized and able to manage competing priorities.Working knowledge of Linux (Red Hat is preferred but anything will do). Emphasis on use of the command line.The ability to research and solve problems that you are not familiar with.The ability to document research and produce written procedures for technical problem solving.The ability to work directly with a highly technical customer and provide great customer service.The ability to successfully work with people with a variety of skill levels and backgrounds.Strong customer service and communication skills.Ability to travel within the United States < 15% of the time.The ability to lift 50+ pounds regularly.Active TOP SECRET/SCI clearance.Current CI Polygraph or ability and willingness to pass one.US CitizenPreferred Qualifications:A working knowledge of any programming or scripting language.Any experience supporting the military.Work Environment: You will be working in an unclassified commercial office space (yes, you can have your phone most of the time). You’ll be expected to be on site most days, but there is the potential for remote work 1 day a week.The anticipated base salary range for this position based on current national data. Minimums and maximums may vary based on location. Actual pay will be adjusted based on an individual's skills, experience, education, and other job-related factors permitted by law. In addition to the anticipated salary, one will have the opportunity to qualify for bonuses.  Working is no longer solely about the job. Here at Sealing Tech, we understand your happiness and health is vital to our success. We are innovative in our approach to cultivating balanced work environments and offer a plethora of added perks. Sealing Tech offers competitive compensation packages, health, dental, and vision insurance, retirement contributions, continuing education budgets, tuition reimbursement, flexible schedules, and generous vacation policies. Other perks include monthly catered meals, a stocked kitchen, and company retreats and gatherings. Plus, flexible work arrangements, pet friendly offices and quarterly merit bonuses for qualified employees. We are looking for a new member to join our team, take on challenges, be innovative and willing to grow with us. BUILD, SECURE, SOLVE