position is AI Prompt Engineer, gt.school (Remote) - $100,000/year USD
company is Crossover 
location is Evansville, IN
salary is $50.00/hr - $50.00/hr

Seniority level is Mid-Senior level
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Engineering and Information Technology
Industries is IT Services and IT Consulting

          Crossover is the world's #1 source of full-time remote jobs. Our clients offer top-tier pay for top-tier talent. We're recruiting this role for our client, gt.school. Have you got what it takes?At gt.school, we're not just reimagining education; we're actively reinventing it. Leveraging state-of-the-art AI technology, we're on a mission to redefine the learning experience, making it faster, more fun, and highly personalized. Our platform is designed to push the boundaries of traditional education, offering a digital, self-paced learning environment that's both engaging and effective. As a member of our vibrant team, you'll contribute to the development of revolutionary AI-driven products and services that are transforming how students learn and grow on a global scale.We're currently on the lookout for an innovative AI Engineer to enhance our core AI Engineering team. Collaborating closely with our Academic Engineers, AI Operations, and Program Operations teams, you'll be at the forefront of AI research and development, prompt engineering, and a mix of strategic technical and non-technical initiatives. Your role is crucial in advancing the academic impact of our AI tools, which are central to the learning journey of thousands of students enrolled in our programs worldwide.In this role, you'll not only contribute to our groundbreaking work but also grow and develop your skills. You'll receive mentorship and coaching from the Vice President of AI Engineering & Operations at gt.school, and work alongside three supportive sister teams. This environment is ripe with opportunities for professional growth and learning.To succeed in this role, you’ll need to be ownership-minded, consistently make good data-backed decisions, be attentive to detail, always have a high quality bar for work, and be an extremely strong communicator).If you're eager to take on a challenging and fulfilling role that's at the cutting edge of reshaping education, gt.school is your destination. Join us in our quest to create a future where the potential for learning is limitless!What You Will Be DoingDesigning, developing, and refining prompts that are used to either produce educational content or build our core data models.Building scalable, automated workflows that produce AI educational content.Building prototypes weekly that the team’s VP will present to executive leadership.Actively engaging in thought leadership about how we could innovate in terms of work processes, AI content, and more.Staying up to date with respect to the latest advancements with AI.Owning the timely delivery of AI content generators and respective backing documentation, partially by delegating work to supporting sister teams.Actively collaborating with our AI Operations & Academic Engineering teams to ensure AI-generated content aligns with our core data structures and curriculum standards.Basic RequirementsAI Prompt Engineer key responsibilitiesSubstantial experience working with generative AI models, like GPT-4, meaning you understand many of the nuances, limitations, pitfalls, and best practices of working with AI.Scored 5s on APs (Advanced Placement Exams) & 1500+/2300+ on SAT or 34+ on ACT exams in high schoolBachelors in Computer Science in Computer Science, AI, Machine Learning, or a related fieldAble to, Mon-Fri, attend a daily Stand-Up Zoom meeting at 9AM CST daily and commit to an 8 hour shift anytime of the worker’s choice between 5 AM and 5 PM CST.About Gt.schoolGT School is an EdTech Startup that leverages technology, AI, and subject matter experts to cultivate a new way of learning. Our unique approach leverages 50+ years of learning science, cutting-edge data analytics and high-performance coaching. In doing so, we can help students learn more, learn faster, and learn better - and have fun while doing it. We are a remote-first company that hires globally via Crossover.There is so much to cover for this exciting role, and space here is limited. Hit the Apply button if you found this interesting and want to learn more. We look forward to meeting you!Working with CrossoverThis is a full-time (40 hours per week), long-term position. The position is immediately available and requires entering into an independent contractor agreement with Crossover. The compensation level for this role is $50 USD/hour, which equates to $100,000 USD/year assuming 40 hours per week and 50 weeks per year. The payment period is weekly. Consult www.crossover.com/help-and-faqs for more details on this topic.What to expect next:You will receive an email with a link to start your self-paced, online job application.Our hiring platform will guide you through a series of online “screening” assessments to check for basic job fit, job-related skills, and finally a few real-world job-specific assignments.Important! If you do not receive an email from us:First, emails may take up to 15 minutes to send, refresh and check again.Second, check your spam and junk folders for an email from Crossover.com, mark as “Not Spam” since you will receive other emails as well.Third, we will send to whatever email account you indicated on the Apply form - by default, that is the email address you use as your LinkedIn username and it might be different than the one you have already checked.If all else fails, just reset your password by visiting https://www.crossover.com/auth/password-recovery if you already applied using LinkedIn EasyApply.Crossover Job Code: LJ-5070-US-Evansvil-AIPromptEngine.004