position is Technology Sales Engineer- Data and AI - AI Applications
company is IBM
location is Indianapolis, IN
salary is $107,000.00/yr - $162,000.00/yr

Seniority level is Not Applicable
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Sales
Industries is Computer Hardware Manufacturing

          689527BRIntroductionA Technology Sales Engineer role (what we internally call a 'Brand Technical Specialist') within IBM's Data & AI brand means accelerating enterprises' success by improving their ability to understand their data. It means providing solutions that enable people across organizations, in multiple roles, the ability to turn data into actionable insights without having to wait for IT. And it means selling multi-award-winning software, and world-class design practices that enables business analysts to ask new questions. The answers to which are literally shaping the future and changing the world.Excellent onboarding and an industry leading learning culture will set you up for positive impact and success, whilst ongoing development will advance your career through an upward trajectory. Our sales environment is collaborative and experiential. Part of a team, you will be surrounded by bright minds and keen co-creators – always willing to help and be helped – as you apply passion to work that will compel our clients to invest in IBM's products and services.Your Role and ResponsibilitiesAs a Brand Technical Specialist (Technology Sales Engineer) in the Midwest Region, you will collaborate closely with clients to develop relationships, understand their needs, earn their trust, and show them how IBM's industry leading solutions will solve their problems whilst delivering value to their business.Your Primary Responsibilities Will IncludeClient Strategy Design: Creating client strategies for Data & AI infrastructure.Solution Definition: Defining IBM Data & AI solutions that enhance technology stacks.Educational Support: Providing proof of concepts and simplifying complex topics to educate clients.Credibility Building: Establishing credibility and trust to facilitate the closure of intricate Cloud tech deals.Preferred Location: Midwest Region.Required Technical and Professional ExpertisePrevious experience in a Technical Sales/Solution Consultant/Sales Engineer roleExperience working with the sales lifecycle and driving customer outcomes.Excellent interpersonal and communication (oral and written) skills at all levels of an organization.Driven and initiative-taking with an entrepreneurial spirit and a commitment to excellence in everything they do.Ability to build and maintain positive business relationships with peers and clients.Preferred Technical And Professional ExpertiseExperience with IBM’s Watson products (WatsonX, Watson Assistant, Watson Discovery, Watson Natural Language Understanding, etc.).Experience with IBM Business Analytics tools: Cognos Analytics and Planning Analytics.Experience in Tableau, Qlik, Microsoft, MicroStrategy, or other BI tools.Experience in SaaS / Cloud technologies.About Business UnitIBM has a global presence, operating in more than 175 countries with a broad-based geographic distribution of revenue. The company’s Global Markets organization is a strategic sales business unit that manages IBM’s global footprint, working closely with dedicated country-based operating units to serve clients locally. These country teams have client relationship managers who lead integrated teams of consultants, solution specialists and delivery professionals to enable clients’ growth and innovation. By complementing local expertise with global experience and digital capabilities, IBM builds deep and broad-based client relationships. This local management focus fosters speed in supporting clients, addressing new markets and making investments in emerging opportunities. Additionally, the Global Markets organization serves clients with expertise in their industry as well as through the products and services that IBM and partners supply. IBM is also expanding its reach to new and existing clients through digital marketplaces.Your Life @ IBMIn a world where technology never stands still, we understand that, dedication to our clients success, innovation that matters, and trust and personal responsibility in all our relationships, lives in what we do as IBMers as we strive to be the catalyst that makes the world work better.Being an IBMer means you’ll be able to learn and develop yourself and your career, you’ll be encouraged to be courageous and experiment everyday, all whilst having continuous trust and support in an environment where everyone can thrive whatever their personal or professional background.Our IBMers are growth minded, always staying curious, open to feedback and learning new information and skills to constantly transform themselves and our company. They are trusted to provide on-going feedback to help other IBMers grow, as well as collaborate with colleagues keeping in mind a team focused approach to include different perspectives to drive exceptional outcomes for our customers. The courage our IBMers have to make critical decisions everyday is essential to IBM becoming the catalyst for progress, always embracing challenges with resources they have to hand, a can-do attitude and always striving for an outcome focused approach within everything that they do.Are you ready to be an IBMer?About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.Location StatementIBM offers a competitive and comprehensive benefits program. Eligible employees may have access to: - Healthcare benefits including medical & prescription drug coverage, dental, vision, and mental health & well being - Financial programs such as 401(k), the IBM Employee Stock Purchase Plan, financial counseling, life insurance, short & long- term disability coverage, and opportunities for performance based salary incentive programs - Generous paid time off including 12 holidays, minimum 56 hours sick time, 120 hours vacation, 12 weeks parental bonding leave in accordance with IBM Policy, and other Paid Care Leave programs. IBM also offers paid family leave benefits to eligible employees where required by applicable law - Training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform where IBMers can grow skills and obtain industry-recognized certifications to achieve their career goals - Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups, giving & volunteer opportunities, and discounts on retail products, services & experiences The compensation range and benefits for this position are based on a full-time schedule for a full calendar year. The salary will vary depending on your job-related skills, experience and location. Pay increment and frequency of pay will be in accordance with employment classification and applicable laws. For part time roles, your compensation and benefits will be adjusted to reflect your hours. Benefits may be pro-rated for those who start working during the calendar year. This position was posted on the date cited in the key job details section and is anticipated to remain posted for 21 days from this date or less if not needed to fill the role. This position is eligible for participation in an IBM Sales Incentive plan. Actual incentive opportunity will be based on performance and the eligible Target Incentive, as addressed in the applicable plan, all of which is subject to change. The compensation range listed for this position is the IBM Reference Salary that is used when you are not actively participating in a sales plan. Your actual base pay plus incentive opportunity will be determined by the Incentive Plan assigned to you. We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, caste, genetics, pregnancy, disability, neurodivergence, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.