position is Gen AI Engineer
company is Dice
location is Atlanta, GA
salary is N/A

Seniority level is Entry level
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Engineering and Information Technology
Industries is Software Development

          Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, Avance Consulting, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today! Position :- Gen AI Engineer  Location :- Atlanta GA Role Description Responsible for designing and maintaining strategy, architecture, and transition steps for current and new software services and infrastructure as they relate to business solutions.  Apply common services and domain level knowledge of current day-to-day and future operations to guide integration of architectural development, designs and standards.  Work with cross organizational teams to understand the requirements while working with solution architects and delivery teams to ensure services are implemented to specification and operate best in class.  Set directions on the hardware and software platforms and understand how assets can be leveraged to optimize resources while supporting requirements.  May also interact with industry, standards, and suppliers to ensure AT&T requirements are incorporated.  Design and develop GenAI use case model pipeline and other relevant engineer components using appropriate technologies/algorithms.  Have experience with developing and building Large Language Models (LLM), Foundation Models, and AI systems.  Have experience with developing Cloud-native applications and very good understanding of Cloud architecture, technologies, and best practices  Additional Skills :-  Knowledge of Langchain and HuggingFace Model (IBM)  Proficiency with server-side languages such as Python, Ruby, Java, PHP, etc. (NYLIC)  Proficiency with fundamental front-end languages such as HTML, CSS, JQuery, and JavaScript (NYLIC)  Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as Angular JS, React, React with Redux (NYLIC)  Experience with database technologies for structured and unstructured data (NYLIC)  Experience with relevant code repository and project tools such as GitHub, JIRA, Confluence (NYLIC)  Ability to integrate APIs, create automated test cases, perform Unit Testing (UT) and System Integration testing (SIT) (NYLIC)  Working experience with Continuous Integration, Continuous Deployment (NYLIC)  Understanding of existing and emerging web standards such as HTML5 and Mobile (NYLIC)  Demonstrated ability with Application Architecture, best practices and systems engineering industry trends (NYLIC)  Solid understanding of Agile application delivery methodologies and release management activities (NYLIC)  Have experience with large-scale backend platforms powering ML models (Snap)  Certifications:-  Bachelor s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. (Google, all).  Certification in delivery methodologies such as Scaled Agile (NYLIC)  Certification in data management (structure and unstructured), and/or cloud architecture or engineering (NYLIC)  Strong contribution record with either publications in top peer-reviewed scientific conferences and journals or strong leadership track-record in opens source communities, with a particular focus on foundation models, or large-scale machine learning models. (IBM)