position is Research Assistant
company is The US Oncology Network
location is Country Club, CA
salary is $18.00/hr - $22.47/hr

Seniority level is Entry level
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Research, Analyst, and Information Technology
Industries is Research

Overview Research Assistant Willamette Valley Cancer Institute and Research Center is looking for a Research Assistant to support the Clinical Trial Research department at our Eugene, OR location. Clinical Trial Research is a unique offering that WVCI provides for the Willamette Valley community and is made easier by their involvement in the US Oncology Network. Research helps the Providers at WVCI have access to more tools to aid their patients on their Cancer Care Journey. With over 85 new pharmaceuticals on the market from US Oncology Research Studies, this position will be on the front line of new and innovative breakthroughs. Responsible for the administrative support of the department and researchers, this entry level positions requires strong organization, computer software navigation, and communication skills. While experience in a lab setting - performing testing and other bench processing work - can be useful, only around 25% of the position’s responsibilities – mainly surrounding the processing of laboratory kits. Previous lab experience is a plus, but not required for success of the role.Hourly Wage Range: $18.00 - $22.47 The actual hiring rate is dependent on many factors, including but not limited to: prior work experience, education, job/position responsibilities, location, work performance, etc. Employment Type : Full Time, 40hr/week (1.0 FTE)Benefits : M/D/V, Life Ins., 401(k)Location : Eugene, ORResponsibilities Trains on specific laboratory aspects of all clinical trials to ensure all lab requisition, paperwork and collection supplies are completed accurately. Assures lab staff has kits accessible for patient visits and have training on correct processing of samples.  Timely packing and shipping of above lab sample.  Timely reconciliation of any queries related to the research labs.  Maintains patient data files in an organized manner for easy retrieval and review.  Collects patient data from initial patient contact through course of therapy, rehabilitation, and long-term care.  Assists with scheduling and/or following up on consultations, diagnostic tests or procedures, and future appointments for patients with physicians as requested.  Prepares patient records for audits by regulatory, accrediting, and research organizations.  Maintains supplies and storage facilities for clinical research as appropriate.  May enter some pertinent data in computer system in a timely manner as outlined by department guidelines.  May assist physicians and nurses with direct patient care including vital signs and assisting in procedures.  May assist with collecting and processing specimens for research purposes. Qualifications High school diploma or equivalent required  1 year medical office experience, oncology experience preferred