position is Embedded Cybersecurity Software Engineer
company is Caterpillar Inc.
location is Chillicothe, IL
salary is N/A

Seniority level is Not Applicable
Employment type is Full-time
Job function is Engineering
Industries is Construction and Machinery Manufacturing

Career Area: Engineering Job Description:  Your Work Shapes the World at Caterpillar Inc. When you join Caterpillar, you're joining a global team who cares not just about the work we do – but also about each other. We are the makers, problem solvers, and future world builders who are creating stronger, more sustainable communities. We don't just talk about progress and innovation here – we make it happen, with our customers, where we work and live. Together, we are building a better world, so we can all enjoy living in it. Your Work Shapes the World Whether it be groundbreaking products, best in class solutions or creating a lifelong career, you can do the work that matters at Caterpillar. With a 95-year legacy of quality and innovation and 150 locations in countries around the world, your impact spans the globe.When you join Caterpillar, you are joining a team of makers, innovators, and doers. We are the people who roll up our sleeves and do the work to build a better world. We don’t just talk about progress and innovation. We make it happen. And we are proud of that, because it helps our customers build and power the world we live in – the roads, hospitals, homes, and infrastructure. Without a dedicated workforce Caterpillar could not effectively meet our customer’s needs. Join us. Description Come work on the Embedded Product Cybersecurity team for Caterpillar machines & engines. Our team is developing embedded cybersecurity solutions & software for Caterpillar Display, Telematics, Machine, Engine, & Autonomy product lines that will be used for years to come.The ideal candidate will be passionate about developing cybersecurity software solutions for Caterpillar’s embedded product line. They must also be willing to learn new areas of expertise in cybersecurity while working with multiple systems, software, component, and product teams to produce world class cybersecurity solutions for Caterpillar.You will help design, develop, configure, and test our security-enabling software that targets a wide range of scopes, including full-stack ECU component software, system-wide onboard security software, offboard internal development tools, and ECU supplier manufacturing tools. You will participate in iterative development and fast delivery of features utilizing up-to-date technologies and practices like Linux, Python, C/C++, Agile, and emergent design. Join us and be a part of this exciting team! Job Duties This role will be responsible for developing, designing, implementing, and testing software of embedded devices and systems; as well as monitoring and enhancing the efficiency and stability of the systems. Specific Duties And Responsibilities:  Gathering and analyzing user/client requirements to create the software requirements specification (SRS) document.  Writing and implementing source codes of embedded systems and enhancing code samples of existing systems.  Testing and debugging embedded system software using different tools/methods available to improve code quality and optimize system performance.  Collaborating with other teams to provide post-production support.  Design & Document Cybersecurity features  Develop Embedded Cybersecurity software solutions that will be implemented into production software  Validate Embedded Cybersecurity software features used across Caterpillar’s product line  Knowledge and capability to identify Cybersecurity software risks  Skill Descriptors  Effective Communications:  Understanding of effective communication concepts, tools and techniques; ability to effectively transmit, receive, and accurately interpret ideas, information, and needs through the application of appropriate communication behaviors. Level Working Knowledge:  Delivers helpful feedback that focuses on behaviors without offending the recipient. Listens to feedback without defensiveness and uses it for own communication effectiveness. Makes oral presentations and writes reports needed for own work. Avoids technical jargon when inappropriate. Looks for and considers non-verbal cues from individuals and groups. Teamwork:  Knowledge of the necessity and value of teamwork; experience with; ability to work cooperatively towards shared goals and being supportive of others at all levels. Level Working Knowledge:  Explains own role and responsibility within team. Actively participates in team meetings. Shares information, knowledge, and experiences openly and proactively. Describes team mission and objectives in the context of results to be achieved. Demonstrates open, friendly, accepting, and supportive behaviors with team members. Software Development:  Knowledge of software development tools and activities; ability to produce software products or systems in line with product requirements. Level Working Knowledge:  Describes common tools for component-based, object-oriented development. Describes the objectives, activities and results of unit testing. Has developed programs in a specific language and for a specific platform. Interprets functional and technical blueprints; participates in structuring technical components. Participates in technical and code reviews. System Testing:  Knowledge of system and software testing; ability to design, plan and execute system testing strategies and tactics to ensure the quality of software at all stages of the system life cycle. Level Working Knowledge:  Supports the project leader in developing and executing system test plans. Evaluates system documentation and user manuals for usability, accuracy and completeness. Executes test cases, analyzes test results and reports on findings regularly. Tests system components for compliance with functional requirements. Participates in the testing of a system's ability to recover from hardware or software failures. Technical Troubleshooting:  Knowledge of technical troubleshooting approaches, tools and techniques; ability to anticipate, recognize, and resolve technical issues on hardware, software, application or operation. Level Working Knowledge:  Discovers, analyzes, and resolves hardware, software or application problems. Works with vendor-specific diagnostic guides, tools and utilities. Handles calls related to product features, applications, and compatibility standards. Analyzes code, logs, and current systems as part of advanced troubleshooting. Records and reports specific technical problems, solving processes and tools that have been used. Basic Qualifications  BSEE, BSCE, or BSCS  2+ years of development experience using C++, C, and/or Java programming languages  2+ years of experience with scripting using Python  1 year experience working in the Linux environment  1 year experience with Ethernet, TCP/IP, Wi-Fi, and analysis tools such as Wireshark  Prior experience with embedded software development, design, and architecture  Top Candidates will also have  Desire to work in a fast-paced Agile team environment  Experience in Cybersecurity  Experience with GIT configuration management tool  Ability to read electrical schematics  Experience with Linux kernel & Linux device drivers  Experience with RTOS development (i.e. Free RTOS)  Experience with CAN, J1939, and other data link protocols  Experience using Design Patterns and Object Oriented programming  Experience with developing Unit Tests and Test Driven Development  Experience using debugging tools for embedded systems (e.g. Lauterbach, GDB)  Additional Information The location for this position is Mossville, ILDomestic relocation assistance is available for this position.This position will require less than 10% travel Employee benefit details Our goal at Caterpillar is for you to have a rewarding career. Our teams are critical to the success of our customers who build a better world.Here you earn more than just a salary because we value your performance. We offer a total rewards package that provides benefits on day one (medical, dental, vision, RX, and 401K) along with the potential of an annual bonus.Additional benefits include paid vacation days and paid holidays (prorated based upon hire date). Final details Please frequently check the email associated with your application, including the junk/spam folder, as this is the primary correspondence method. If you wish to know the status of your application – please use the candidate log-in on our career website as it will reflect any updates to your status. This employer is not currently hiring foreign national applicants that require or will require sponsorship tied to a specific employer, such as H, L, TN, F, J, E, O. As a global company, Caterpillar offers many job opportunities outside of the U.S. which can be found through our employment website at   www.Caterpillar.com/Careers   . For more information, visit caterpillar.com. To connect with us on social media, visit caterpillar.com/social-media Posting Dates: February 21, 2024 - March 6, 2024Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen.EEO/AA Employer. All qualified individuals - Including minorities, females, veterans and individuals with disabilities - are encouraged to apply.Not ready to apply? Join our Talent Community .