position is Research Intern - Quantum Information and Computation
company is Microsoft
location is Redmond, WA
salary is $10,120.00/yr - $12,170.00/yr

Seniority level is Not Applicable
Employment type is Internship
Job function is Research, Analyst, and Information Technology
Industries is Software Development

          Research Internships at Microsoft provide a dynamic environment for research careers with a network of world-class research labs led by globally-recognized scientists and engineers, who pursue innovation in a range of scientific and technical disciplines to help solve complex challenges in diverse fields, including computing, healthcare, economics, and the environment.Microsoft Quantum has assembled a talented and diverse international team to create the world’s first scalable quantum computing system. Our full-stack approach involves exciting innovation from the physics at the quantum plane to providing global quantum services. The Microsoft Quantum program strives to fundamentally change the world of computing to help solve humankind’s problems that would otherwise take billions of years for today’s computers to solve! This has massive implications for research in healthcare, energy, environmental systems, smart materials, and more. We are on the cusp of an accelerated effort in quantum computing and aim to bring a scalable quantum system to the broadest set of customers, empowering every person and organization on the planet to experience quantum computing. For more information about Azure Quantum and the Microsoft Quantum team, please visit https://quantum.microsoft.com/Do you want to be part of the quantum revolution in computing? Put curiosity and theory into practice and join our vibrant Microsoft Quantum team as an intern! During the 12-week research internship, you will work alongside a diverse staff of theoretical and experimental physicists, computer scientists, hardware designers and software engineers around the world. You will learn new skills and will have opportunities to have a meaningful influence on revolutionary technology, to network and make connections for life.ResponsibilitiesResearch Interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers, Research Interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Research Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, Research Interns are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other Research Interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Research internships are available in all areas of research, and are offered year-round, though they typically begin in the summer.We are looking for passionate candidates for research internships in areas such as quantum algorithms and quantum fault-tolerance. Positions are available beginning in Spring/Summer/Fall of 2024. We encourage early applications.Areas that might be considered for internship projects include; quantum algorithms, digital quantum simulation, fault-tolerant codes and their decoding algorithms, quantum circuit synthesis and optimization, quantum computational complexity, et cetera.Responsibilities include; problem identification, formulation, identifying and falsifying/validating hypotheses, publishing results, and collaboration.Background in programming is helpful but not required.QualificationsRequired QualificationsCurrently enrolled in a PhD or master's program in Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Electrical and Computer Engineering or related fields.Other RequirementsResearch Interns are expected to be physically located in their manager’s Microsoft worksite location for the duration of their internship.In addition to the qualifications above and your current CV, you will need to arrange for at least two reference letters for this position. After you submit your application, a request for letters may be sent to your list of references on your behalf. You may wish to alert your letter writers in advance, so they will be ready to submit your letter.Preferred QualificationsExperience in areas such as quantum algorithms, quantum communication, machine learning, quantum error-correction and fault-tolerance, and physics device modeling.Effective communication and collaboration skills.Detail oriented.Problem-solving skills.Coding skills, e.g., in Python, C#, C/C++, R, etc.Familiarity with git.The base pay range for this internship is - Applied Sciences IC2 : USD $5,090 -$10,120 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, with the San Francisco Bay area and New York City Metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $6,690 -$11,030 per month.The base pay range for this internship is- Applied Sciences IC3 : USD $6,290 -$12,170 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $8,060 - $13, 240 per month.Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay#QuantumMicrosoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.